yammer/TOC.md, before:


  

# [Yammer](index.md)
## [Get started with Yammer](get-started-with-yammer/admin-key-concepts.md)
### [Admin key concepts](get-started-with-yammer/admin-key-concepts.md)
### [Admin quick start](get-started-with-yammer/admin-quick-start.md)
### [Compare options for a free trial](get-started-with-yammer/compare-options-for-a-free-trial.md)
## [Configure your Yammer network](configure-your-yammer-network/configure-yammer.md)
### [Configure Yammer](configure-your-yammer-network/configure-yammer.md)
### [Customize the look of Yammer](configure-your-yammer-network/customize-the-look-of-yammer.md)
### [Configure email and Yammer](configure-your-yammer-network/configure-email-and-yammer.md)
### [Enforce Office 365 identity](configure-your-yammer-network/enforce-office-365-identity.md)
### [Yammer and Office 365](configure-your-yammer-network/yammer-and-office-365.md)
### [Manage Yammer domains](configure-your-yammer-network/manage-yammer-domains.md)
### [Consolidate multiple Yammer networks](configure-your-yammer-network/consolidate-multiple-yammer-networks.md)
### [FAQ: Consolidating multiple Yammer networks](configure-your-yammer-network/faq-consolidate-multiple-yammer-networks.md)
## [Manage security and compliance](manage-security-and-compliance/security-and-compliance.md)
### [Security and compliance](manage-security-and-compliance/security-and-compliance.md)
### [Yammer security settings](manage-security-and-compliance/yammer-security-settings.md)
### [Export Yammer Enterprise data](manage-security-and-compliance/export-yammer-enterprise-data.md)
### [Export Yammer Basic data](manage-security-and-compliance/export-yammer-basic-data.md)
### [GDPR requests in Yammer Enterprise](manage-security-and-compliance/gdpr-requests-in-yammer-enterprise.md)
### [GDPR requests in Yammer Basic](manage-security-and-compliance/gdpr-requests-in-yammer-basic.md)
### [Manage data compliance](manage-security-and-compliance/manage-data-compliance.md)
### [Monitor private content](manage-security-and-compliance/monitor-private-content.md)
### [Set up a usage policy](manage-security-and-compliance/set-up-a-usage-policy.md)
### [Track Yammer events](manage-security-and-compliance/track-yammer-events.md)
### [Manage Yammer with Intune](manage-security-and-compliance/manage-yammer-with-intune.md)
## [Manage Yammer users](manage-yammer-users/manage-users-across-their-lifecycle.md)
### [Manage users across their lifecycle](manage-yammer-users/manage-users-across-their-lifecycle.md)
### [Add, block, or remove users](manage-yammer-users/add-block-or-remove-users.md)
### [Manage Yammer licenses in Office 365](manage-yammer-users/manage-yammer-licenses-in-office-365.md)
### [Audit users connected to Office 365](manage-yammer-users/audit-users-connected-to-office-365.md)
### [Manage Yammer admins](manage-yammer-users/manage-yammer-admins.md)
### [Office 365 sign-in](manage-yammer-users/office-365-sign-in.md)
### [Auto-acceleration policy for signing in](manage-yammer-users/auto-acceleration-policy-for-signing-in.md)
### [Turn off user access](manage-yammer-users/turn-off-user-access.md)
## [Work with external users](work-with-external-users/create-and-manage-an-external-network.md)
### [Create and manage an external network](work-with-external-users/create-and-manage-an-external-network.md)
### [Add external participants](work-with-external-users/add-external-participants.md)
### [Create and manage external groups](work-with-external-users/create-and-manage-external-groups.md)
### [Find external participants](work-with-external-users/find-external-participants.md)
### [Control external messaging with Exchange](work-with-external-users/control-external-messaging-with-exchange.md)
### [External messaging FAQ](work-with-external-users/external-messaging-faq.md)
## [Manage Yammer groups](manage-yammer-groups/yammer-and-office-365-groups.md)
### [Yammer and Office 365 Groups](manage-yammer-groups/yammer-and-office-365-groups.md)
### [Create a dynamic group](manage-yammer-groups/create-a-dynamic-group.md)
### [Live events in Yammer](manage-yammer-groups/yammer-live-events.md)
## [Integrate Yammer with other apps](integrate-yammer-with-other-apps/integrate-with-other-applications.md)
### [Integrate with other applications](integrate-yammer-with-other-apps/integrate-with-other-applications.md)
### [Embed a feed into a SharePoint site](integrate-yammer-with-other-apps/embed-a-feed-into-a-sharepoint-site.md)
### [Yammer and Newsfeed](integrate-yammer-with-other-apps/yammer-and-newsfeed.md)
## [Troubleshoot problems](troubleshoot-problems/help-users-log-in-to-yammer-on-android-devices.md)
### [Help users log in to Yammer on Android devices](troubleshoot-problems/help-users-log-in-to-yammer-on-android-devices.md)
### [Limited functionality in Explorer 10 document mode](troubleshoot-problems/limited-functionality-in-explorer-10-document-mode.md)
### [Phasing out temporary mobile passwords](troubleshoot-problems/phasing-out-temporary-mobile-passwords.md)
### [Converting Yammer notes into Word Online](troubleshoot-problems/converting-yammer-notes-into-word-online.md)
### [Upgrade your network to stand-alone Yammer](troubleshoot-problems/upgrade-your-network-to-stand-alone-yammer.md)

Commit message:

Updates from MS (#1)
* Add group management pages to group section

* Shorten titles

* reorg landing page

* Update Office 365 groups page

* Landing page tweak

* More landing page additions

* Edits to Office 365 connected groups topic

* fix landing page

* Changed link in landing page

* Edits to Office 36 connected groups topic

* More groups changes

* Add new topic on AAD credentials, update exchange transport rules info

* Pickups for previous changes

* Update TOC for new topic

* Fix links

* Fix link

* tech review comments incorporated

* TOC formatting

* formatting of landing page

* formatting landing page

* landing page formatting

yammer/TOC.md, after:


  

# [Yammer](index.md)
## [Get started with Yammer](get-started-with-yammer/admin-key-concepts.md)
### [Admin key concepts](get-started-with-yammer/admin-key-concepts.md)
### [Admin quick start](get-started-with-yammer/admin-quick-start.md)
### [Compare options for a free trial](get-started-with-yammer/compare-options-for-a-free-trial.md)
## [Configure your Yammer network](configure-your-yammer-network/configure-yammer.md)
### [Configure Yammer](configure-your-yammer-network/configure-yammer.md)
### [Customize the look](configure-your-yammer-network/customize-the-look-of-yammer.md)
### [Configure email and Yammer](configure-your-yammer-network/configure-email-and-yammer.md)
### [Enforce Office 365 identity](configure-your-yammer-network/enforce-office-365-identity.md)
### [Yammer and Office 365](configure-your-yammer-network/yammer-and-office-365.md)
### [Manage Yammer domains](configure-your-yammer-network/manage-yammer-domains.md)
### [Consolidate multiple Yammer networks](configure-your-yammer-network/consolidate-multiple-yammer-networks.md)
### [FAQ: Consolidating multiple Yammer networks](configure-your-yammer-network/faq-consolidate-multiple-yammer-networks.md)
## [Manage security and compliance](manage-security-and-compliance/security-and-compliance.md)
### [Security and compliance overview](manage-security-and-compliance/security-and-compliance.md)
### [Yammer security settings](manage-security-and-compliance/yammer-security-settings.md)
### [Export Yammer Enterprise data](manage-security-and-compliance/export-yammer-enterprise-data.md)
### [Export Yammer Basic data](manage-security-and-compliance/export-yammer-basic-data.md)
### [GDPR requests: Yammer Enterprise](manage-security-and-compliance/gdpr-requests-in-yammer-enterprise.md)
### [GDPR requests: Yammer Basic](manage-security-and-compliance/gdpr-requests-in-yammer-basic.md)
### [Manage data compliance](manage-security-and-compliance/manage-data-compliance.md)
### [Monitor private content](manage-security-and-compliance/monitor-private-content.md)
### [Set up a usage policy](manage-security-and-compliance/set-up-a-usage-policy.md)
### [Track Yammer events](manage-security-and-compliance/track-yammer-events.md)
### [Manage Yammer with Intune](manage-security-and-compliance/manage-yammer-with-intune.md)
## [Manage Yammer users](manage-yammer-users/manage-users-across-their-lifecycle.md)
### [Manage Office 365 users](manage-yammer-users/manage-users-across-their-lifecycle.md)
### [Add, block, or remove users](manage-yammer-users/add-block-or-remove-users.md)
### [Manage Yammer licenses in Office 365](manage-yammer-users/manage-yammer-licenses-in-office-365.md)
### [Audit Office 365 users](manage-yammer-users/audit-users-connected-to-office-365.md)
### [Manage Yammer admins](manage-yammer-users/manage-yammer-admins.md)
### [Office 365 sign-in](manage-yammer-users/office-365-sign-in.md)
### [AAD credentials will soon be required](manage-yammer-users/aad-account-required.md)
### [Auto-acceleration policy for signing in](manage-yammer-users/auto-acceleration-policy-for-signing-in.md)
### [Turn off user access](manage-yammer-users/turn-off-user-access.md)
## [Work with external users](work-with-external-users/create-and-manage-an-external-network.md)
### [Create and manage an external network](work-with-external-users/create-and-manage-an-external-network.md)
### [Add external participants](work-with-external-users/add-external-participants.md)
### [Create and manage external groups](work-with-external-users/create-and-manage-external-groups.md)
### [Find external participants](work-with-external-users/find-external-participants.md)
### [Disable external messaging](work-with-external-users/control-external-messaging-with-exchange.md)
### [External messaging FAQ](work-with-external-users/external-messaging-faq.md)
## [Manage Yammer groups](manage-yammer-groups/yammer-and-office-365-groups.md)
### [Yammer and Office 365 groups](manage-yammer-groups/yammer-and-office-365-groups.md)
### [Create a dynamic group](manage-yammer-groups/create-a-dynamic-group.md)
### [Live events in Yammer](manage-yammer-groups/yammer-live-events.md)
## [Integrate Yammer with other apps](integrate-yammer-with-other-apps/integrate-with-other-applications.md)
### [Integrate with other applications](integrate-yammer-with-other-apps/integrate-with-other-applications.md)
### [Embed a feed into a SharePoint site](integrate-yammer-with-other-apps/embed-a-feed-into-a-sharepoint-site.md)
### [Yammer and Newsfeed](integrate-yammer-with-other-apps/yammer-and-newsfeed.md)
## [Troubleshoot problems](troubleshoot-problems/help-users-log-in-to-yammer-on-android-devices.md)
### [Help users log in to Yammer on Android devices](troubleshoot-problems/help-users-log-in-to-yammer-on-android-devices.md)
### [Limited functionality in Explorer 10 document mode](troubleshoot-problems/limited-functionality-in-explorer-10-document-mode.md)
### [Phasing out temporary mobile passwords](troubleshoot-problems/phasing-out-temporary-mobile-passwords.md)
### [Converting Yammer notes into Word Online](troubleshoot-problems/converting-yammer-notes-into-word-online.md)
### [Upgrade your network to stand-alone Yammer](troubleshoot-problems/upgrade-your-network-to-stand-alone-yammer.md)
